add HangarShell project (#5)
HangarMC/awesome-hangar: README.md

Collection of community tools that use Hangar. We also have our own [guide on how to automatically publish builds on commits using our Gradle plugin and GitHub actions!](https://docs.papermc.io/misc/hangar-publishing)

Be sure to add your projects via a pull request! Please keep the order of the sections alphabetical.

## API

- hangar-wrapper: A Java/Kotlin wrapper for the Hangar API (https://github.com/flytegg/hangar-wrapper)
- Hangar4J: A Java wrapper to easily access PaperMC's Hangar API in a secure way. (https://github.com/xMrAfonso/Hangar4J)

## Uploading

- hangar-publish-plugin: Gradle plugin to upload versions to Hangar (https://github.com/HangarMC/hangar-publish-plugin)

> - HangarShell: A shell script to interacte Hangar (https://github.com/DeerGiteaMirror/HangarShell)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- HangarShell: A shell script to interact with the Hangar API (https://github.com/DeerGiteaMirror/HangarShell)
```

Author: Thanks for the suggestion
